There was nothing so VERY remarkable in that; nor did Alice think it so
dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a moment to think
think nothing of tumbling down stairs! How brave they'll all think me at
thousand miles down, I think--' (for, you see, Alice had learnt several
their heads downward! The Antipathies, I think--' (she was rather glad
through the air! Do you think you could manage it?) 'And what an
ignorant little girl she'll think me for asking! No, it'll never do to
talking again. 'Dinah'll miss me very much to-night, I should think!'
shut up like a telescope! I think I could, if I only knew how to begin.'
that Alice had begun to think that very few things indeed were really
I wonder if I've been changed in the night? Let me think: was I the
same when I got up this morning? I almost think I can remember feeling a
in the world am I? Ah, THAT'S the great puzzle!' And she began thinking
Everything is so out-of-the-way down here, that I should think very
about it. And yet I wish I could show you our cat Dinah: I think you'd
that she did not dare to laugh; and, as she could not think of anything
thinking of?'
bend, I think?'
can't think! And oh, I wish you could see her after the birds! Why,
think,' Alice went on, 'that they'd let Dinah stop in the house if it
thing is to find my way into that lovely garden. I think that will be
over heels in its hurry to get hold of it; then Alice, thinking it was
who I WAS when I got up this morning, but I think I must have been
after that into a butterfly, I should think you'll feel it a little
short remarks, and she drew herself up and said, very gravely, 'I think,
Here was another puzzling question; and as Alice could not think of any
arms, took the hookah out of its mouth again, and said, 'So you think
    Do you think, at your age, it is right?'
   Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
Pigeon, raising its voice to a shriek, 'and just as I was thinking I
The Footman seemed to think this a good opportunity for repeating his
an opportunity of showing off a little of her knowledge. 'Just think of
Alice was just beginning to think to herself, 'Now, what am I to do with
rather a handsome pig, I think.' And she began thinking over other
Alice didn't think that proved it at all; however, she went on 'And how
'Do you mean that you think you can find out the answer to it?' said the
it into his cup of tea, and looked at it again: but he could think of
Alice sighed wearily. 'I think you might do something better with the
'They lived on treacle,' said the Dormouse, after thinking a minute or
The Dormouse again took a minute or two to think about it, and then
think you could draw treacle out of a treacle-well--eh, stupid?'
think--'
everything's curious today. I think I may as well go in at once.' And in
'No, I didn't,' said Alice: 'I don't think it's at all a pity. I said
she had someone to listen to her. The Cat seemed to think that there was
'I don't think they play at all fairly,' Alice began, in rather a
Alice could think of nothing else to say but 'It belongs to the Duchess:
'You can't think how glad I am to see you again, you dear old thing!'
startled when she heard her voice close to her ear. 'You're thinking
'I think I should understand that better,' Alice said very politely, 'if
'I've a right to think,' said Alice sharply, for she was beginning to
not help thinking there MUST be more to come, so she sat still and said
'Yes, I think you'd better leave off,' said the Gryphon: and Alice was
court, arm-in-arm with the Dormouse. 'Fourteenth of March, I think it
to herself; 'I should think it would be QUITE as much use in the trial
HAD THIS FIT--" you never had fits, my dear, I think?' he said to the
Alice got up and ran off, thinking while she ran, as well she might,
hand, watching the setting sun, and thinking of little Alice and all her
